<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">
<h:head>
	<title>StemCellNet</title>
	<link href="./css/style1.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	<link href="./css/styles_screen_cs.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="screen"/>
	<link href="./css/test1.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	<script src="stemCellNet.js" type="text/javascript"/>
	<script>
		(function(i,s,o,g,r,a,m){i['GoogleAnalyticsObject']=r;i[r]=i[r]||function(){
			(i[r].q=i[r].q||[]).push(arguments)},i[r].l=1*new
			Date();a=s.createElement(o),
			m=s.getElementsByTagName(o)[0];a.async=1;a.src=g;m.parentNode.insertBefore(a,m)
		})(window,document,'script','//www.google-analytics.com/analytics.js','ga');
			ga('create', 'UA-18078633-12', 'sysbiolab.eu');
			ga('send', 'pageview');
	</script>
</h:head>
<h:body>

	<f:view>
	<h:form id="form">
	<ui:include src="header.xhtml"/>
	<!-- include goes here -->
		
	<div style="margin-left:50px;margin-right:50px">
		<hr noshade="noshade" size="3"/>
	</div>
	<div style="margin-left:90px;margin-right:90px;font-size:1.20em">
		
		Welcome to StemCellNet, a web-server that allows you to interactively query, visualize and interrogate molecular 
		networks in the context of stem cell biology. StemCellNet includes a comprehensive set of physical and regulatory 
		interactions for both human and mouse. Any retrieved network can be readily examined for the presence of genes 
		linked to stemness. An overview of the included data can be found <a href="statistics.jsf">here</a>.
		To start your analysis, please insert your genes of interest in the input field below. 
		Currently, a maximum number of 500 genes are allowed. Larger queries will be automatically truncated.
		Pressing the "Search" button will produce the list of genes, for which interactions were found in the
		current version of StemCellNet. All of these interactions can be downloaded. The displayed list also 
		allows to select up to 20 genes, which will serve as central nodes in the network to be visualized and
		interactively analysed.
		If this is your first time using StemCellNet, you might want to check the 
		<a href="help.jsf">help page</a> and use the “Example” button to obtain an exemplary input for StemCellNet.
	</div>
	
	<br/>
	<br/>
	<br/>
	<br/>
	<div id="search" align="center">
		<h:inputTextarea id="searchText" rows="8" cols="39" value="#{unihiSearch.searchData}" style="font-family:Trebuchet MS;font-size:0.8em;background-color:#E4E5E6"></h:inputTextarea>
		<br/>
		<h:commandButton value="Search" action="#{unihiSearch.searchAction}"/>
    	&nbsp;
    	<input type="button" value="Clear" onclick="cleanB()"/>
    	&nbsp;
    	<input type="button" value="Example" onclick="sample()"/>
    	
	</div>
	<br/>
	<br/>
	<br/>
	
	
	<div style="margin-left:90px;margin-right:90px;font-size:0.80em">
		If you have any problems using StemCellNet or wish to suggest new data sets to be included please do not hesitate in <strong><a href="mailto:jppinto@ualg.pt">contact us</a></strong>.
	</div>
	<br/>
	
	<!-- div style="margin-left:90px;margin-right:90px;font-size:0.80em">
		If you have any problems using StemCellNet please do not hesitate in <strong><a href="mailto:jppinto@ualg.pt">contact us</a></strong>.
	</div>
	<br/>
	<div style="margin-left:90px;margin-right:90px;font-size:0.80em">
		If you wish to suggest new data to included <strong><a href="suggest.jsf">click here</a></strong>.
	</div>
	
	<br/-->
	<div style="margin-left:90px;margin-right:90px;font-size:1.20em">
		<strong><a href="http://nar.oxfordjournals.org/content/42/W1/W154">StemCellNet is described in the Nuclei Acids WebServer Issue 2014</a></strong>.
	</div>
	
	<div style="margin-left:90px;margin-right:90px;font-size:0.80em">
		<p align="right"><strong><a href="version.jsf">Version 1.3.4</a></strong></p>
		
	</div>
	<br />
	<div style="margin-left:50px;margin-right:50px">
		<hr noshade="noshade" size="3"/>
	</div>
	<br/><br/>
	<ui:include src="header2.xhtml"/>
	</h:form>
	</f:view>

</h:body></html>